I'm thinking about implementing some sort of character biographies in-game, perhaps as a bonus feature
for collecting all Chaos Emeralds in a playthrough? (though this would require SRAM to remember...).
(using non-Origins/Encyclospeedia terms because I like authenticity... and because I'm REALLY not a fan
 of their plot changes, if anyone who read my ongoing Sonic 2 fanfic didn't already know)



(there could also add some illustrations beside; preferably original, or at least redrawn pixel versions,
 not obviously ripped ones with artefacts or bad shading)


Sonic the Hedgehog:
The famous hero himself, the superfast blue hedgehog. Has a tendacy to act before he thinks, sometimes
putting himself in reckless situations, but is otherwise cocky and pure-hearted. Despite his speed, he
is incapable of swimming, making water one of his worst enemies.


Tails the Fox:*
Real name Miles Prower, a young red fox with blue eyes. Bullied for his two tails and high intelligence,
he became an idol of Sonic and attempts to catch up with him by twisting his two tails into a propeller,
and either speeding up or flying with them. Afraid of lightning and loves some mint candy.

*In JP, switch to Miles Prower and at the beginning, put "Nicknamed Tails".


Dr. Eggman:
Real name Dr. Robotnik, the mad scientist who has battled Sonic continually for years. Now, he is in the
middle of his most diabolical plan yet, a giant space fortress known as the Death Egg which he can use as
a base or inflict destruction on Earth.


Great Battle Kukku XV:
During the time Tails was living on Cocoa Island, this bird and the Battle Kukku Empire orchestrated an
attack on the island to gather the Chaos Emeralds. He is rather tall, about twice the size of Tails, and
is said to be a maniacal dictator.


Battle Kukku XVI:
Also known as Speedy, he is the son of Kukku XV and is the heir to their throne. During the attack on
Cocoa Island, he becomes a rival to Tails before being defeated in his battle armor form. He is able to
fly at high speeds.


Doctor Fukurokov:
The main scientist working for the Kukku Empire, being rather short and having a thick white beard. Although
intellegent, he tends to overlook small details which tends to lead to his downfall. He also has a massive,
but fragile ego.


Witchcart:
An old robed hag whom Tails will have to fight in the future. She intends on taking control of a small
island and freezing any non-followers of her rule in crystal using her magic staff. As her name suggests,
she rides around in a rail cart and leads her henchmen, which are...


Hocke-Wulf:*
A mean-spirited, lanky wolf who travels around in his hoverbike. Very giggly and crazy, but also has
temper and can become violent if pushed far enough. Although he considers and attempts to portray
himself smart, he is really just arrogant and stupid. Also REALLY likes bombs.

*Use the updated name here, as "Focke-Wulf" sounds too similar to "fuck"


Bearenger:
A foul-mouthed, chubby black bear with a tendancy to curse. Has rather high durability, but fears her
boss and will take orders if she ever becomes angry. For whatever reason, he is missing some teeth
and part of his right ear. Flies around in a blue rocket with an angry face on it.


Carrottia:
A young, flirty doe with white fur and blue eyelids. Known for having a complete lack of interest in
many things, and can end up quite moody when forced to do work. Moves around in a carrot with a green
propeller on its back, and the capability to shoot tiny carrot missiles.